# CAU Kiel themed latex template (unofficial)
A latex beamer template for CAU Kiel students.

## Usage

You must compile `presentation.tex` with XeLaTeX in order to use the `Fira` fonts. `pdflatex` will work too, but you'd have trouble to properly enable `Fira` fonts. When using XeLaTeX you could execute the following command:
```shell
xelatex -output-directory=./helpfiles/ -synctex=1 -interaction=nonstopmode -output-driver="/usr/local/texlive/2016/bin/x86_64-darwin/xdvipdfmx -q -E" presentation.tex
```
You may need to adjust your the year `2016` to your texlive installation. You'll find the compiled PDF in the `./helpfiles/` subdirectory.

Flag | Description
---|---
`-output-directory`  |  The directory where auxiliary files and the compiled PDF will go
`-synctex`| Generates SyncTeX data for PDF previewers if nonzero. E.g. In texstudios built in previewer enables right click `Go to source`.
`-interaction`  |  Tells the TeX engine to run with minimal interaction with the user and as far as possible to 'go past' errors. (See [this](http://tex.stackexchange.com/a/258816/113577) post)
`-output-driver` | Not sure how to explain this one. But I can tell something about the forwarded flags. `-q` means to be quiet, so that `xdvipdfmx` won't produce any output and `-E` means to always try to embed fonts, regardless of licensing flags.

I'd recommend using an 'IDE' like texstudio. The command is more or less just copied from there. Open `presentation.tex` and take a look at `Preferences` -> `Commands` -> `XeLaTeX`.

`.gitignore` was autogenerated by GitHub

## Folderstructure
```
.
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── chapters
│   ├── backup.tex
│   ├── intro.tex
│   ├── motivation.tex
│   └── summary.tex
├── commands.tex
├── helpfiles
│   └── ...
├── images
│   └── ...
├── preamble.tex
└── presentation.tex
```

## Example
The most up to date example document is [here](./helpfiles/presentation.pdf).

## Todos
- [ ] Explain custom commands in `commands.tex`
- [ ] Add example slides which show some functionality

## Disclaimer
This is **not** an official latex beamer template of the CAU Kiel. It'd be great if it'll come that far though.
